"WEATHER": 
Apps like The Weather Channel app and Accuweather will need at least a 
little bit of personal info so they can deliver accurate weather forecasts
and information.

"INTERNAL":
The app uses this permission to make some feature work. The data probably
isn't going to leak from the device. An example may be something like Google
Maps telling you when you entered a new state - "Welcome to Pennsylvania!"

"GEOTAGGING":
Attach a location to an image.
           
"TARGETED_ADS":
These permission is being used to deliver ads that are catered to
your personal tastes.

"SOCIAL"
This one and SNS (social networking services) are a little vague. I like to think
of this one as being used directly by a social media *application* to produce
some kind of interactive content...\

"NAVIGATION"
Maps, traveling

"NEARBY-PLACES":
Things like Yelp, which let you see what businesses, shops, events are around you.

"MOBILE_ANALYTICS":
This is where things like Flurry come into play. 

"UTILITY":
This one is also a sort of generalized purpose category.

"SNS":
Okay so this is the other sort of vague social media purpose. SNS = social networking service.
I assume this to mean any data sharing that goes on *outside* of a social media application, such as
calls to a Twitter API, even though you are in Google+ or something.

"UNKNOWN":
This made more sense when we used to have a loose implementation of purpose inference working. We had
an ML algorithm determine the purpose of a data access dynamically. It is no longer in use. But basically,
it just meant that the classifier couldn't determine why data was being accessed.

"PAYMENT":
Stuff like WeChat pay features

"EMERGENCY"
Emergency is to allow integration with emergency services.

"SEARCH_ENGINE"
I find this one to be a little strange but I guess it just means what it says. Maybe
it sends data to a search engine, or has one locally on the device? Example: find specific
kinds of contacts.

"DEVELOPMENT_AID":
So quite a lot of third party libraries fall under this category. This is stuff like Volley or Firebase.
They rarely ever (if ever at all) collect personal data. The only ones that may are libraries like Crashlytics.

"CONTENT_PROVIDER":
I used to know what this meant but not sure. I think you can programmatically in Android create a shareable
data store. I think that is what this is for.

"GAME_ENGINE":
Not too many libraries fall in this category, but examples are like Unity and FMod. Stuff strictly for gaming.
Sensors like accelerometers or gesture detection could request data for these libraries. Although I have not come
across this, nor do I know if sensor permissions are covered